Update README.md (#4)
open-life-science/open-seeds-self-organised: README.md

# Open Seeds Self-organised 

> Welcome! This is the [Self-Organised](https://we-are-ols.org/openseeds/) (OLS- Self-Organised) program repository. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome! This repository provides resources for hosting OLS's 16 week training and mentorig programme, [Open Seeds](https://we-are-ols.org/openseeds/).
```

> This repository will be used to provide resources for individuals and communities who want to run the OLS Open Seeds program but couldn't get a chance to participate during the earlier cohorts. Also, the resources here could be useful to folks who want to run the program self-space and independently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, we provides tools, practices and resources for individuals and communities who want to organise the Open Seeds program for their respective communities using existing training materials, documentation and most importantly, the rich collection of pre-recorded videos from OLS's Open Seeds Video Library.
This can also be used for people to follow Open Seeds training in self-paced manner independently.
```

### Participation Guidelines

> Open Life Science participants adhere to a [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part if OLS GitHub organisation, this repository uses OLS's [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md). 
```

> By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable behaviour to [team@we-are-ols.org](mailto:team@we-are-ols.org).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When engaging and participating in conversation and activities via GitHub issues and Pull Request, please follow our Code of Conduct. To report anything, please email: [team@we-are-ols.org](mailto:team@we-are-ols.org).
```

### Graduation guide

> To learn about graduation criteria and process, please visit this [Graduation Guide](https://we-are-ols.org/openseeds/cohort-procedures-and-templates/graduation-guide.html).

Reviewer: Graduation guide doesn't quite fit here. 

We need to provide info about what is required to run or follow Open Seeds. This repo is for the organisers primarily. We can use a lightweight version of this document as provided for Ally Skills facilitators - see the table of content to see what we might need to communicate: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NTnVaNU4hgLHLKHoEFEyCI3Zg2BdWZjyYeKOKAGiHXc/edit?tab=t.0

For communities, running this program we advise that  you organize graduation as part of the course please consider rehearsing before time  using this template [rehearsal/feedback session on Week 15](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ols-9-week-15) and and the graduation using this [graduation calls on Week 16](https://annuel2.framapad.org/p/ols-9-week-15).

> Both documents also provide important steps to follow before your graduation.

Reviewer: This section doesn't fit here.

## Important resources

> Please visit notes to find out structure of the programme, notes taken during the session as well as assignments shared at the end of the cohort calls.

Reviewer: Here you have copied OLS-9 README. You should be creating a version of weekly plans using OLS-9 as reference on this repo and update the table with the right link from this repo.

What is needed is that for each week you are providing resources that an organiser would need to host their weekly sessions.
